are these were the men who came to David
are these were the men who came to David at Ziggler while he was still a fugitive
at Ziggler while he was still a fugitive
at Ziggler while he was still a fugitive from Seoul the son of Kish and they were
from Seoul the son of Kish and they were
from Seoul the son of Kish and they were among the mighty men helpers in the war
among the mighty men helpers in the war
among the mighty men helpers in the war armed with bows using both the right
armed with bows using both the right
armed with bows using both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and
hand and the left in hurling stones and
hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows with the bow they were
shooting arrows with the bow they were
shooting arrows with the bow they were of Benjamin soles brethren the chief was
of Benjamin soles brethren the chief was
of Benjamin soles brethren the chief was a high either been joash the son of
a high either been joash the son of
a high either been joash the son of shamaya the Gibeah fight gzl and peel it
shamaya the Gibeah fight gzl and peel it
shamaya the Gibeah fight gzl and peel it the sons of azmuth Baraka and ji-hyun
the sons of azmuth Baraka and ji-hyun
the sons of azmuth Baraka and ji-hyun the anartha fight bish Mya the
the anartha fight bish Mya the
the anartha fight bish Mya the Gibeonites a mighty man among the 30 and
Gibeonites a mighty man among the 30 and
Gibeonites a mighty man among the 30 and over the 30 jeremiah jahaziel
over the 30 jeremiah jahaziel
over the 30 jeremiah jahaziel johanan and gaza bird the Khedira fight
johanan and gaza bird the Khedira fight
johanan and gaza bird the Khedira fight a loser
a loser
a loser jeremiah the Alaia Shamar aya and chef
jeremiah the Alaia Shamar aya and chef
jeremiah the Alaia Shamar aya and chef attire the haru fight okay none josiah
attire the haru fight okay none josiah
attire the haru fight okay none josiah as RL louisa and Jacobean the kora
as RL louisa and Jacobean the kora
as RL louisa and Jacobean the kora heights and Joella and zebediah the sons
heights and Joella and zebediah the sons
heights and Joella and zebediah the sons of jerome of guido some gadites join
of jerome of guido some gadites join
of jerome of guido some gadites join David at the stronghold in the
David at the stronghold in the
David at the stronghold in the wilderness mighty man of Valor men
wilderness mighty man of Valor men
wilderness mighty man of Valor men trained for battle who could handle
trained for battle who could handle
trained for battle who could handle shield and spear whose faces were like
shield and spear whose faces were like
shield and spear whose faces were like the faces of lions and were as Swift as
the faces of lions and were as Swift as
the faces of lions and were as Swift as gazelles on the mountains
gazelles on the mountains
gazelles on the mountains Iza the first Obadiah the second Alya
Iza the first Obadiah the second Alya
Iza the first Obadiah the second Alya the third mich manner the fourth
the third mich manner the fourth
the third mich manner the fourth Jeremiah v @i the sixth alai of the
Jeremiah v @i the sixth alai of the
Jeremiah v @i the sixth alai of the seven johanan the eighth ELLs a bed the
seven johanan the eighth ELLs a bed the
seven johanan the eighth ELLs a bed the night Jeremiah the tenth and McBurney
night Jeremiah the tenth and McBurney
night Jeremiah the tenth and McBurney the eleventh these were from the sons of
the eleventh these were from the sons of
the eleventh these were from the sons of GAD captains of the army the least was
GAD captains of the army the least was
GAD captains of the army the least was over a hundred and the greatest was over
over a hundred and the greatest was over
over a hundred and the greatest was over a thousand these are the ones who
a thousand these are the ones who
a thousand these are the ones who crossed the Jordan in the first
crossed the Jordan in the first
crossed the Jordan in the first when it had overflowed all its banks and
when it had overflowed all its banks and
when it had overflowed all its banks and they put to flight all those in the
they put to flight all those in the
they put to flight all those in the valleys to the east and to the west then
valleys to the east and to the west then
valleys to the east and to the west then some of the sons of Benjamin and Judah
some of the sons of Benjamin and Judah
some of the sons of Benjamin and Judah came to David at the stronghold and
came to David at the stronghold and
came to David at the stronghold and David went out to meet them if you have
David went out to meet them if you have
David went out to meet them if you have come peaceably to me to help me my heart
come peaceably to me to help me my heart
come peaceably to me to help me my heart will be united with you but if to betray
will be united with you but if to betray
will be united with you but if to betray me to my enemies since there is no wrong
me to my enemies since there is no wrong
me to my enemies since there is no wrong in my hands may the god of our fathers
in my hands may the god of our fathers
in my hands may the god of our fathers look and bring judgment then the spirit
look and bring judgment then the spirit
look and bring judgment then the spirit came upon am a sign chief of the
came upon am a sign chief of the
came upon am a sign chief of the captains we are yours Oh David we are on
captains we are yours Oh David we are on
captains we are yours Oh David we are on your side or son of Jesse
your side or son of Jesse
your side or son of Jesse peace peace to you and peace to your
peace peace to you and peace to your
peace peace to you and peace to your helpers for your God helps you so David
helpers for your God helps you so David
helpers for your God helps you so David received them and made them captains of
received them and made them captains of
received them and made them captains of the troop and some from Manasseh
the troop and some from Manasseh
the troop and some from Manasseh defected to David when he was going with
defected to David when he was going with
defected to David when he was going with the Philistines to battle against Saul
the Philistines to battle against Saul
the Philistines to battle against Saul but they did not help them for the Lords
but they did not help them for the Lords
but they did not help them for the Lords of the Philistines sent him away by
of the Philistines sent him away by
of the Philistines sent him away by agreement saying he made defect to his
agreement saying he made defect to his
agreement saying he made defect to his master Saul and endanger our heads when
master Saul and endanger our heads when
master Saul and endanger our heads when he went to Ziklag those of Manasseh who
he went to Ziklag those of Manasseh who
he went to Ziklag those of Manasseh who defected to him were Adler Jezebel gdl
defected to him were Adler Jezebel gdl
defected to him were Adler Jezebel gdl Michael jazz' bond
Michael jazz' bond
Michael jazz' bond Elihu and Zillah fire captains of the
Elihu and Zillah fire captains of the
Elihu and Zillah fire captains of the thousands who were from the NASA and
thousands who were from the NASA and
thousands who were from the NASA and they helped David against the bands of
they helped David against the bands of
they helped David against the bands of Raiders for they were all mighty man of
Raiders for they were all mighty man of
Raiders for they were all mighty man of Valor and they were captains in the army
Valor and they were captains in the army
Valor and they were captains in the army for at that time they came to David day
for at that time they came to David day
for at that time they came to David day by day to help him until it was a great
by day to help him until it was a great
by day to help him until it was a great army like the army of God now these were
army like the army of God now these were
army like the army of God now these were the numbers of the divisions that were
the numbers of the divisions that were
the numbers of the divisions that were equipped for war and came to David at
equipped for war and came to David at
equipped for war and came to David at Hebron to turn over the kingdom of Saul
Hebron to turn over the kingdom of Saul
Hebron to turn over the kingdom of Saul to him according to the word of the law
to him according to the word of the law
to him according to the word of the law of the sons of Judah bearing shield and
of the sons of Judah bearing shield and
of the sons of Judah bearing shield and spear 6800 armful war of the sons of
spear 6800 armful war of the sons of
spear 6800 armful war of the sons of Simeon mighty man of Valor fitful war
Simeon mighty man of Valor fitful war
Simeon mighty man of Valor fitful war 7100 of the sons of Levi 4,600 jehoiada
7100 of the sons of Levi 4,600 jehoiada
7100 of the sons of Levi 4,600 jehoiada the leader of the arrow knights and with
the leader of the arrow knights and with
the leader of the arrow knights and with him 3,700 Zedeck a young man a valiant
him 3,700 Zedeck a young man a valiant
him 3,700 Zedeck a young man a valiant warrior and from his father's house 22
warrior and from his father's house 22
warrior and from his father's house 22 captains of the sons of Benjamin
captains of the sons of Benjamin
captains of the sons of Benjamin relatives of salt 3000 until them the
relatives of salt 3000 until them the
relatives of salt 3000 until them the greatest part of them had remained loyal
greatest part of them had remained loyal
greatest part of them had remained loyal to the house of soul of the sons of
to the house of soul of the sons of
to the house of soul of the sons of Ephraim
Ephraim
Ephraim 20800 mighty man of Valor famous men
20800 mighty man of Valor famous men
20800 mighty man of Valor famous men throughout their father's house of the
throughout their father's house of the
throughout their father's house of the half tribe of Manasseh 18,000 who were
half tribe of Manasseh 18,000 who were
half tribe of Manasseh 18,000 who were designated by name to come and make
designated by name to come and make
designated by name to come and make David king of the sons of Issachar who
David king of the sons of Issachar who
David king of the sons of Issachar who had understanding of the times to know
had understanding of the times to know
had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do their Chiefs
what Israel ought to do their Chiefs
what Israel ought to do their Chiefs were 200 and all their brethren were at
were 200 and all their brethren were at
were 200 and all their brethren were at their command of Zebulun there were
their command of Zebulun there were
their command of Zebulun there were fifty thousand who went out to battle
fifty thousand who went out to battle
fifty thousand who went out to battle expert in war with all weapons of war
expert in war with all weapons of war
expert in war with all weapons of war stout-hearted men who could keep ranks
stout-hearted men who could keep ranks
stout-hearted men who could keep ranks of Naphtali 1000 captains and with them
of Naphtali 1000 captains and with them
of Naphtali 1000 captains and with them 37,000 with shield and spear of the
37,000 with shield and spear of the
37,000 with shield and spear of the Danites who could keep battle formation
Danites who could keep battle formation
Danites who could keep battle formation 28,600 of asha those who could go out to
28,600 of asha those who could go out to
28,600 of asha those who could go out to war able to keep battle formation forty
war able to keep battle formation forty
war able to keep battle formation forty thousand of the rubra nights and the
thousand of the rubra nights and the
thousand of the rubra nights and the gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh from the other side of the Jordan
from the other side of the Jordan
from the other side of the Jordan 120,000 armed for battle with every kind
120,000 armed for battle with every kind
120,000 armed for battle with every kind of weapon of war
of weapon of war
of weapon of war all these men of war who could keep
all these men of war who could keep
all these men of war who could keep racks came to Hebron with a loyal heart
racks came to Hebron with a loyal heart
racks came to Hebron with a loyal heart to make David king over all Israel and
to make David king over all Israel and
to make David king over all Israel and all the rest of Israel were of one mind
all the rest of Israel were of one mind
all the rest of Israel were of one mind to make David King and they were there
to make David King and they were there
to make David King and they were there with David
with David
with David three days eating and drinking for their
three days eating and drinking for their
three days eating and drinking for their brethren had prepared for
brethren had prepared for
brethren had prepared for or over those who were near to them from
or over those who were near to them from
or over those who were near to them from as far away as esseker and Zebulun and
as far away as esseker and Zebulun and
as far away as esseker and Zebulun and Naphtali were bringing food on donkeys
Naphtali were bringing food on donkeys
Naphtali were bringing food on donkeys and camels on mules and oxen provisions
and camels on mules and oxen provisions
and camels on mules and oxen provisions of flour and cakes of figs and cakes of
of flour and cakes of figs and cakes of
of flour and cakes of figs and cakes of raisins wine and oil and oxen and sheep
raisins wine and oil and oxen and sheep
raisins wine and oil and oxen and sheep abundantly for there was joy in Israel
abundantly for there was joy in Israel
abundantly for there was joy in Israel [Music]